Added virtualenvs.prompt option to config (#5606)
python-poetry/poetry: docs/configuration.md

Directory where virtual environments will be created.
Defaults to `{cache-dir}/virtualenvs` (`{cache-dir}\virtualenvs` on Windows).

### `virtualenvs.prompt`

**Type**: string

> Name of the command line prompt to be displayed when the virtual enviroment is activated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Format string defining the prompt to be displayed when the virtual environment is activated.
```

Author: Changed as suggested.
